you know what I mean there's a
difference there is a difference not a
huge difference what is the difference
but you can you can listen to the
baseball game whenever you want right -
oh I see so it's stored in one of your
memory deals exactly emulator talked
about earlier yeah - tape recorders ring
a bell yeah I just I just don't know
what what can you just knowing me the
little you know me now what how what am
I missing here what do I need what you
want to learn about the latest cigars or
auto racing right statistics well you
know I've got that covered I subscribe
to two british magazines they're devoted
entirely to motorsports and I call the
Quaker State speed line about two times
a half-hour so now now with the computer
give me more than I'm getting that way
you can find other people who have the
same unusual interest you do and
[Music]
you mean you mean the troubled loner
chat room on the Internet
absolutely I think one day I'll get one
of these deals but I you know I've
played with them and then you know you
type it in and then you get that thing
that little arrow is that the arrow you
bet and then it's just you know it's
like oh I get it it's an eye test what
do we tell me about your house are you
in your new house yet no I'm still
building that I'm hoping to move in by
the end of 96 is this just like the
coolest house of all time for me it's
the coolest house of all time what are
the things you've designed for the house
that really you're very excited about
I've got a trampoline room that I can go
in nude a trampoline room that's right
this is like an actual trampoline or
like a computer non-virtual this is the
real deal sure and you have the artwork
that can be changed right I have very
high quality screens throughout the
house and so I can call up I can take a
topic like scientist or Russia or
Renaissance paintings and so different
ones of images related to that topic
will come up and wherever I go you get
those high quality displays man how many
square feet is this well it's it's
fairly big okay what are we talking
about Oh more than 50,000 square feet
50,000
the theater is not the big bill it it
got different parts it's got a place
where I can entertain oh well that's
really I don't want to feed yourself on
that okay is there something now beyond
what we understand about computers that
they like 20 years ago we didn't fully
understand computers is there now
another level of something maybe we
haven't even thought of it maybe it's
not even possible maybe you know a whole
different mechanism a whole different
software and hardware or is this going
to be it now through the end of time
mostly what working on now is the
computer being a tool a tool to help us
learn or find other people with the same
interests eventually we may figure out
how to make the computer thing but that
turns out to be a very tough problem in
fact there's been almost no progress
made on it so nobody knows when that
will happen some people think it'll
never happen yeah we don't want them to
think do we it's not really I don't
think it's it's a scary thought
it's too bad there's no money in this
too isn't the book is called the road
ahead and bill thank you very much I
can't can't thank you for your help here
with the big quiz machine tonight
Bill Gates ladies gentlemen we'll be
back
you